Introduce a new run operator `expect` (#1303)
informalsystems/quint: CHANGELOG.md

## UNRELEASED

### Added

> - Add a run operator `A.expect(P)` to evaluate the result of `A` with `P` (#1303)

Reviewer: Something like this would be clearer IMO:

```suggestion
- Add a run operator `A.expect(P)` to test the state predicate `P` in the state resulting from applying action `A` (#1303)
```
